Removing twitter from the guide (#229)
ropensci-org/blog-guidance: authorpromote.Rmd

When your post is published, here is what we do to promote it.

- Post from [rOpenSci Mastodon account](https://hachyderm.io/@rOpenSci) and [LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ropensci/) with a link to your post, tagging post author(s) and package reviewers with a link to the software peer review thread where relevant.
rOpenSci has more than 2,000 followers on Mastodon and more than 1,000 on LinkedIn.

- List your post, with author names, in our [monthly newsletter](https://ropensci.org/news).

> Our newsletter has more than 2,500 email subscribers and additional readers through RSS & JSON feeds.

Reviewer: I feel the number is misleading. Our newsletter is opened by more than 1,000 readers each month?

Author: We can also say we have 2,500 subscribers with a 50% open rate.   Which is more accurate? But I'm ok with only mention de 1,000 readers.

Reviewer: I think it's just easier to mention the readers!

> - Our blog and tech notes are syndicated to and shared by [R-bloggers](https://www.r-bloggers.com/) and [R Weekly](https://rweekly.org/). R-Bloggers _cross-posts_ posts so it adds page views we can't measure, whereas R Weekly drives traffic to blog posts on our website. R-Bloggers had nearly 80,000 Twitter followers in February 2020. R Weekly podcast also highlight some of our posts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our blog and tech notes are syndicated to and shared by [R-bloggers](https://www.r-bloggers.com/) and [R Weekly](https://rweekly.org/). R-Bloggers _cross-posts_ posts so it adds page views we can't measure, whereas R Weekly drives traffic to blog posts on our website. R-Bloggers had nearly 80,000 Twitter followers in February 2020. The R Weekly Highlights podcast also regularly features some of our posts.
```

> - Our blog is also syndicated to [Rogue Scholar](https://rogue-scholar.org/about), an archive for scholarly blog posts that provide full-text search, long-term archiving, DOIs and metadata. Your blog post will be assigned a DOI and archived in the Internet Archive. If you have an integration with your ORCID, your blog post will be added to your ORCID profile when we published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our blog is also syndicated to [Rogue Scholar](https://rogue-scholar.org/about), an archive for scholarly blog posts that provide full-text search, long-term archiving, DOIs and metadata. Your blog post will be assigned a DOI and archived in the Internet Archive. If you have an integration with your ORCID, your blog post will be added to your ORCID profile when we publish.
```

Can you add a link to your ORCID profile as example?

> - Our blog is also syndicated to [Rogue Scholar](https://rogue-scholar.org/about), an archive for scholarly blog posts that provide full-text search, long-term archiving, DOIs and metadata. Your blog post will be assigned a DOI and archived in the Internet Archive. If you have an integration with your ORCID, your blog post will be added to your ORCID profile when we publish.

Author: ```suggestion
- Our blog is also syndicated to [Rogue Scholar](https://rogue-scholar.org/about), an archive for scholarly blog posts that provide full-text search, long-term archiving, DOIs and metadata. Your blog post will be assigned a DOI and archived in the Internet Archive. If you have an integration with your ORCID, your blog post will be added to your ORCID profile when we publish.

[This is Yani's ORCID profile as an example](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4522-7466); if you scroll down until the "Works" session, all the rOpenSci blog posts are listed there.
```

When your post is published, here is what we do to promote it.

- Post from [rOpenSci Mastodon account](https://hachyderm.io/@rOpenSci) and [LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ropensci/) with a link to your post, tagging post author(s) and package reviewers with a link to the software peer review thread where relevant.
rOpenSci has more than 2,000 followers on Mastodon and more than 1,000 on LinkedIn.

- List your post, with author names, in our [monthly newsletter](https://ropensci.org/news).

> Our newsletter has more than 2,500 email subscribers and additional readers through RSS & JSON feeds.

Author: ```suggestion
Our newsletter is opened by more than 1,000 readers each month and additional readers through RSS & JSON feeds.
```
